docs: Clarify that only first loadAffinity array element is used (#9143)
vmware-tanzu/velero: site/content/docs/main/data-movement-node-selection.md

Velero introduces a new section in the node-agent ConfigMap, called ```loadAffinity```, through which users can specify the nodes to/not to run data movement, in the affinity and anti-affinity flavors.

> **Important**: Currently, only the first element in the `loadAffinity` array is used. Any additional elements after the first one will be ignored. If you need to specify multiple conditions, combine them within a single `loadAffinity` element using both `matchLabels` and `matchExpressions`.

Author: https://github.com/kaovilai/velero/blob/7ecf325749287c3d1df65be22e7732aa6c4a6a6f/site/content/docs/main/data-movement-node-selection.md

already example in the doc overall.

}
```

> This example demonstrates how to use both `matchLabels` and `matchExpressions` in the same single LoadAffinity element. This is the recommended approach since only the first element in the array is processed.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this one, for each of the example, as we have already clarified it as an overall statement.

}
```

> **Warning**: In the above example, only the first element (selecting nodes with instance type `Standard_B4ms`) will be applied. The second element with the Linux OS selector and storage class specification will be ignored due to the current limitation where only the first array element is processed.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this one, for each of the example, as we have already clarified it as an overall statement.

Velero data mover supports to use different StorageClass to create backupPVC by [design](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/pull/7982).

> **Warning**: Due to the current limitation where only the first element in the `loadAffinity` array is processed, only the first selector (nodes with instance type `Standard_B4ms` and storage class `kibishii-storage-class`) will be applied. The second element will be ignored. To work around this limitation, you would need to combine all necessary conditions into a single loadAffinity element.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this one, for each of the example, as we have already clarified it as an overall statement.

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, if the backup target PVC's StorageClass is `kibishii-storage-class`, its backupPVC should use StorageClass `worker-storagepolicy`. Because the final StorageClass is `worker-storagepolicy`, the backupPod uses the loadAffinity specified by `loadAffinity`'s elements with `StorageClass` field set to `worker-storagepolicy`. backupPod will be assigned to nodes, which instance type is `Standard_B2ms`.
```
